hey guys this is me my name is cam
the first week of my new life
my goal on this is to lose
it's going to make me a hundred and
sixty-five pounds on my 35th birthday
in my life that I've tried diets I've
tried to lose weight and nothing has
worked
but in all fairness I wasn't ready I
didn't hold myself accountable to the
decisions i had made I didn't do
anything to get back to me
this time I'm ready I'm going through
some really hard times right now
my mum's dying of cancer
my grandfather is billing apart disease
and
you know normally I just turn to food I
would be running out eating whatever I
could get my fit hands on shoving it in
my face and then well here I am 148
pounds in 33 years old so so far what
I've done is I have started drinking
water I've been nine days no pop and I
feel fantastic I'm eating
whole-grain foods
lean proteins fresh vegetables
and I'm walking and also adding some
strength training in to gain muscle mass
it's only been nine days and I already
feel great
I'm going to be weighing in every
Thursday and every thursday i will be
posting a video show so you my friends
my face
family can watch I'm hoping to at least
inspire one person a stranger friend a
family member just one person at least
who will follow me over the next 19
months and maybe they'll be able to see
that everyday people I work I have two
kids you know I get up put one foot on
the ground and start my day like that
I'm just like you
you know one of these days I hope to be
one of those skinny girls that ass fat
girls always complain about but until
then I'm just going to take one day at a
time if you know if I slip up I slip up
that's life but I am hoping that with
support and dedication
just a lot of hard work I am going to do
I have never put my mind to this like I
have this time and i know that i will
succeed
it is time for me
they buy the eyes Batgirl and hello
world I hope that you've come back and
watch further videos in the future and
just to see how I've progressed over the
over time have a great day and thanks
for watching my video bye